localnet: various small fixes (#913)
kubevirt/kubevirt.github.io: _posts/2023-05-31-OVN-kubernetes-secondary-networks-localnet.md

You will also have to configure an IP address on the bridge for the
extra-network the kind script created. For that, you first need to identify the
bridge's name. In the example below we're providing a command for the podman
runtime:  
<code>
podman network inspect underlay --format '&#123;&#123; .NetworkInterface &#125;&#125;'
</code>

> The command output will be the bridge name, for example `podman3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The command will output the bridge name - e.g. `podman3`.
```

Author: outdated, since removed the new text

> We can use it in the following command

Reviewer: I'd prefer if we indicated what we're trying to achieve.

```suggestion
Then, we configure the bridge implementing the secondary network with the gateway IP address.
```

Author: outdated, since removed the new text

bridge's name. In the example below we're providing a command for the podman
runtime:
```bash

> podman network inspect underlay --format '{ { .NetworkInterface }}'

Reviewer: unfortunately this does not work:

```
$ podman network inspect kind --format '{ { .NetworkInterface }}'
{ { .NetworkInterface }}

$ podman network inspect kind --format '{{ .NetworkInterface }}'0 
podman10
```

Author: of course it wont work, the user need to remove the space
it is just for displaying
else we need code

Reviewer: the whole point of this is for the user to copy paste stuff from the post into <whatever>.

Use the html tags if you need.

podman3

ip addr add 10.128.0.1/24 dev podman3
```

> **NOTE:** Docker has a little different format; we will need to use the following command instead:

Reviewer: Sorry, I didn't notice before how weird this read. My bad.

```suggestion
**NOTE:** for docker, please use the following command:
```

Author: done

ip addr add 10.128.0.1/24 dev podman3
```

**NOTE:** Docker has a little different format, so we will need to use the following command for it:

> <code>

Author: we can't use ``` 
this what caused podman problem
https://github.com/kubevirt/kubevirt.github.io/pull/912#issuecomment-1646763162

> <code>

Author: done
https://deploy-preview-913--kubevirtio.netlify.app/2023/ovn-kubernetes-secondary-networks-localnet

For that we will create two VLANed interfaces, each with a different subnet; we
will need to know the name of the bridge the kind script created to implement
the extra network it required. Those VLAN interfaces also need to be configured
with an IP address: (for docker see previous example)
```bash

> podman network inspect underlay --format '{ .NetworkInterface }}'

Author: need to fix here as well
